readme.md, before:

# Roman Numerals API Task
This development task is based on the Roman Numeral code kata which may have already been completed during this recruitment process. This task requires you to build a JSON API and so any HTML, CSS or JavaScript that is submitted will not be reviewed.
 
## Brief
Our client (Numeral McNumberFace) requires a simple API which will convert an integer to its roman numeral counterpart. After our discussions with the client, we have discovered that the solution will contain 3 API endpoints, and will only support integers ranging from 1 to 3999. The client wishes to keep track of conversions so they can determine which is the most frequently converted integer, and the last time this was converted.
 
### Endpoints Required
 1. Accepts an integer, converts it to a roman numeral, stores it in the database and returns the response.
 2. Lists all of the recently converted integers.
 3. Lists the top 10 converted integers.
 
## What we are looking for
 - Use of MVC components (View in this instance can be, for example, a fractal transformer).
 - Use of [Fractal](http://fractal.thephpleague.com/) and Transformers - here is a Laravel specific Fractal package: https://github.com/spatie/laravel-fractal
 - Use of Eloquent, Requests and Routes.
 - A class which implements the supplied interface.
 - The supplied PHPUnit test passing.
 - Clean, well-commented code - We use PSR-2 at Netsells.
 
 ## Submission Instructions
- Please push your submission into either a public GitHub repo or a private repo, and give access to james.judd@netsells.co.uk

Commit message:

update readme to mention laravel resources

readme.md, after:

# Roman Numerals API Task
This development task is based on the Roman Numeral code kata which may have already been completed during this recruitment process. This task requires you to build a JSON API and so any HTML, CSS or JavaScript that is submitted will not be reviewed.
 
## Brief
Our client (Numeral McNumberFace) requires a simple API which will convert an integer to its roman numeral counterpart. After our discussions with the client, we have discovered that the solution will contain 3 API endpoints, and will only support integers ranging from 1 to 3999. The client wishes to keep track of conversions so they can determine which is the most frequently converted integer, and the last time this was converted.
 
### Endpoints Required
 1. Accepts an integer, converts it to a roman numeral, stores it in the database and returns the response.
 2. Lists all of the recently converted integers.
 3. Lists the top 10 converted integers.
 
## What we are looking for
 - Use of MVC components (View in this instance can be, for example, a fractal transformer).
 - Use of [Fractal](http://fractal.thephpleague.com/) and Transformers 
    - here is a [Laravel specific Fractal package](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-fractal)
 - **OR** You may also use [Laravel Resources](https://laravel.com/docs/5.6/eloquent-resources) if you wish!
 - Use of Eloquent, Requests and Routes.
 - A class which implements the supplied interface.
 - The supplied PHPUnit test passing.
 - Clean, well-commented code - We use PSR-2 at Netsells.
 
 ## Submission Instructions
- Please push your submission into either a public GitHub repo or a private repo, and give access to james.judd@netsells.co.uk
